---
id: "20240525GT_KSW"
vendor: zxw
platform: gt7
android: 13
date: 2024-05-25T06:48:08Z
signatures:
  md5: dec3c3e64470218a4849c983e3b36392
  sha1: 7e0cc56c2f46af3648f172d0908bebb0ced7c751
  sha256: dcbbe8d68c9c56c32fdb51e6ff22f075a537f52794a906d05d452c3cd6c6fe7c
---
This is the first GT7 firmware OTA that we were able to get a hold of. It's been built one month after the last GT6 [20240425gt_ksw](/headunits/updates/zxw/gt6/20240425GT_KSW) build we've had at this time, so differences mentioned below will be coming from both one month's worth of work and also general changes to support new platform/build target.

It seems like GT7 will be following similar pattern to KSW and its M600/M700 platforms, whereby GT6 and GT7 will be getting separate OTA ZIP files. More specifically, GT7 firmware will only detect updates with the following file names:
- `update13_2.zip` - standard, where update prompt will show up for you to tap Yes/No
- `update13_2_EAU.zip` (for EAU) and `update13_2_NA.zip` (for NA) - region specific
- `update13_2_force.zip` - presumably this will start the installation without asking for confirmation

Summary:
- The "Android is starting…" message changed to "starting…"
- New theme ID#44 [`KSW_COMMON_ID7`](/headunits/themes/zxw/44-ksw_common_id7)
- New theme ID#45 [`KSW_ALFA_ROMEO`](/headunits/themes/zxw/45-ksw_alfa_romeo)
- New factory setting "Forward looking exit time" (also referenced as "reverse front camera time")
- New factory setting "Full screen" (also referenced as original full screen)
- Zlink app updated from 5.4.27 to 5.4.43
- Housekeeping changes to use newer libraries, support new chipsets, etc.

Other notes:
- A bunch of settings is changed:
  - `dalvik.vm.heapsize`: `512m` -> `256m`
  - `ro.adb.secure`: `0`
  - `ro.bionic.2nd_cpu_variant`: `cortex-a9`
  - `ro.build.flavor`: `qssi-userdebug` -> `qssi-user`
  - `ro.build.user`: `zxw` -> `totoro`
  - `ro.product.board`: `trinket` -> `bengal`
  - `ro.product.device`: `GT6-CAR` -> `GT7-CAR`
  - `ro.product.vendor.device`: `bengal_515`
  - `ro.secure`: `1` -> `0`
  - `ro.system.build.type`: `userdebug` -> `user`
  - `ro.vendor.build.security_patch`: `2021-09-05` -> `2023-02-05`
  - `ro.vendor.build.version.sdk`: `30` (A11) -> `33` (A13)
  - `config_useLegacySplit`: `true` -> `false`
  - `config_ntpServer`: `ntp2.allyun.com` -> `time.android.com` (default AOSP)
- Lots of apps are now using higher SDK versions and dropped a lot of code targeting older versions.
- Zlink on ZXW firmware still has `zhuoxw` channel, so please do not attempt to install it on KSW.
- The default Wi-Fi tethering SSID (network name) of `GT6-CAR` has now been removed.
- Many apps were updated to support BMW ID6 theme, with various minor changes for ID7, Porsche and others.
- There is a `force.landscape.txt` file with package names for apps like Google Maps, Waze, Netflix, Disney+, etc.
- The System Updater app has the `cleartextTrafficPermitted=true` ;)
- Target config on GT6 was `trinket` (SoC ID 394) with 4 "big" cores
- Target config on GT7 is now `bengal` (SoC IDs 417, 420, 444 or 445) with 4 "big" and 4 "little" cores
