---
id: "20240801GT_KSW"
vendor: zxw
platform: gt6
android: 13
date: 2024-08-01T06:46:06Z
signatures:
  md5: e75610653ab321dd60251833414ae442
  sha1: a8367a49e3f1e3dde32e5e586bf982ac8526d63b
  sha256: 3d4b34b91d87d0f0fefc22564b83465db4430e6e1bbd1fad6c5a6f637cd0fb0d
---
Summary
- New theme [`KSW_BENZ_FY_WITHOUT_WEATHER`](/headunits/themes/zxw/46-ksw_benz_fy_without_weather): `<Item id="46" ui="KSW_BENZ_FY_WITHOUT_WEATHER" />`
- Support for second screen and USB screen mirroring (?)
- Support for touch gestures
- Dual Bluetooth mode (?)

Changes since `20240627GT_KSW` built 1 month earlier:
- CustomerUI app that manages the head unit's user interface had a big refactor with lots of changes
- Support for dual Bluetooth with a new factory setting `<doubleBtTransmit>` called "Bluetooth transmitter switch"
    - Internally this changes how Zlink and phone calls are managed, yet to find out the exact functionality
- Support for a secondary screen under a `<dualScreen>` factory setting
    - There are internal changes mentioning Media Projection APIs (that enable capturing contents of device display to render it somewhere else), dual-screen support under `zxwVirtualDisplay` logical name. It appears to be using or at least acting like HDMI connection. There are also mentions of the USB mirroring in the code changes.
- Added gestures and tutorial messages:
    - Volume adjustment - Swipe up with two fingers on the left half of the screen to increase the volume and swipe down to decrease the volume.
    - Backlight adjustment - Swipe up with two fingers on the right half of the screen to dim the backlight, and swipe down to dim the backlight.
    - The left shortcut - Swipe two fingers from the left edge of the screen to the right to open the app hotbar.
    - Back to previous (exit) - Swipe two fingers from the right edge of the screen to the left to return to the app is upper interface.
    - Media up and down adjustments - Two fingers to the right slide the previous one, two fingers to the left slide the next.
    - Return to the home page - Swipe three fingers from right to left to return to the home page.
    - Open the specified third-party application - Swipe three fingers from left to right to open the specified APP application (can be selected in the settings)
    - Quick access to navigation - Swipe down with three fingers to open the map software.
    - Screensavers - Swipe three fingers from bottom to top to enter the screensaver
    - Turn off the screen - Swipe four fingers from top to bottom to turn off the screen backlight.
    - Upload the LOG - Press the screen with four fingers for 20 seconds to enter the LOG upload interface.
    - Touch calibration - Press and hold the screen with five fingers for 20 seconds to enter the touch calibration screen.
- New theme with ID 46 internally called [`KSW_BENZ_FY_WITHOUT_WEATHER`](/headunits/themes/zxw/46-ksw_benz_fy_without_weather)
- Automatic brightness setting and Daydream app support have been disabled
- There is now a concept of an "early splash" image, via `/early_splash/etc/boot_logo.raw` file location
- Ksw360Camera (`com.ivicar.avm`) app updated with a car registration plate images and custom keyboard input
- ApkInstall (`com.szchoiceway.apkinstall`) app updated to hide status bar during copy operations
- BTSuite (`com.szchoiceway.btsuite`) app updated with improvements for Zlink state and connectivity, artist/title display changes
- Microphone gain setting is now split to separate `<micGainGT6>` and `<micGainGT7>` in factory settings
